README.md, before:

# TreePlayground
A tool to generate, visualize and manipulate various kind of tree structures.

To run the program, you only need to download contents in folder 'dist', or Visit http://192.144.210.149/

No compatibility testing. Functions are only guaranteed in Chrome.

若要运行程序, 只需要下载文件夹"dist"中的内容即可本地运行. 也可直接访问 http://192.144.210.149/

没有测试兼容性, 只能保证chorme浏览器下正常运行.

感谢
[@Wasted-waste](https://github.com/Wasted-waste),
[@B5DX](https://github.com/B5DX),
[@lijingwei233](https://github.com/lijingwei233),
[@baijiangying](https://github.com/baijiangying),
等同学对调试的帮助和建议

## Overview
![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/hwc0919/TreePlayground/recommend1.png)
![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/hwc0919/TreePlayground/recommend2.png)
![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/hwc0919/TreePlayground/recommend3.png)
![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/hwc0919/TreePlayground/recommend4.png)

## Objective
本项目旨在帮助学习数据结构课程搜索树相关章节的同学(在此强烈推荐清华大学邓俊辉老师的数据结构课, 可在[学堂在线](https://next.xuetangx.com/)免费学习).

项目计划建造一个"树游乐场", 包括一般二叉树, BST, AVL, Splay, RedBlack等等...

在此用户可以随意的构建树形结构, 动态的插入、删除、搜索节点，以及进行节点的遍历.

所有操作都是动态的、实时视觉反馈的.


## Some detail
本项目使用html5, typescript, vue.js实现, 并用webpack打包. 项目入口为一个html文件, 可直接在本地运行.

为实现动态性, 使用了很多异步代码, 代码的可读性收到一些影响.

本人为前端新手, 对浏览器兼容性束手无策, 优化移动端界面也尚未提上日程, 应该在所有功能性代码完成之后考虑. 

如果你发现了bug, 请在Issue里提出, 十分感谢.

如果你想帮助我提升前端兼容性, 欢迎随时联系我!

别忘了给Star哟

## Interesting Samples

#### AVL
21,12,28,7,17,25,31,4,10,15,18,23,27,30,32,2,6,9,11,14,16,17.5,19,22,24,26,,29,,,,1,3,5,,8,,,,13,14.5,15.5,,17.3,,,,21.5,,,,,,,,0,,,,,,,,12.5

Commit message:

Change directory for github page.

README.md, after:

# TreePlayground
A tool to generate, visualize and manipulate various kind of tree structures.

To run the program, you only need to download contents in folder 'docs', or Visit github-page of this project.<br/>
(http://192.144.210.149/ will no longer serve shortly)

Program can run perfectly on Chrome and Firefox. Windows Edge is only functional when exploring online.

V1.4.4 made adaption for mobile devices, but still not recommended to use mobile phone for this program.

若要运行程序, 只需要下载文件夹"docs"中的内容即可本地运行. 也可直接访问本项目的github-page.<br/>
(http://192.144.210.149/ 即将停止服务)

Chorme和Firefox浏览器可以正常运行. Edge浏览器可以在线运行.

V1.4.4适配了移动端页面, 但仍不推荐在手机上运行.

感谢
[@Wasted-waste](https://github.com/Wasted-waste),
[@B5DX](https://github.com/B5DX),
[@lijingwei233](https://github.com/lijingwei233),
[@baijiangying](https://github.com/baijiangying),
等同学对调试的帮助和建议

## Overview
![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/hwc0919/TreePlayground/recommend1.png)
![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/hwc0919/TreePlayground/recommend2.png)
![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/hwc0919/TreePlayground/recommend3.png)
![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/hwc0919/TreePlayground/recommend4.png)

## Objective
本项目旨在帮助学习数据结构课程搜索树相关章节的同学(在此强烈推荐清华大学邓俊辉老师的数据结构课, 可在[学堂在线](https://next.xuetangx.com/)免费学习).

项目计划建造一个"树游乐场", 包括一般二叉树, BST, AVL, Splay, RedBlack等等...

在此用户可以随意的构建树形结构, 动态的插入、删除、搜索节点，以及进行节点的遍历.

所有操作都是动态的、实时视觉反馈的.


## Some detail
本项目使用html5, typescript, vue.js实现, 并用webpack打包. 项目入口为一个html文件, 可直接在本地运行.

为实现动态性, 使用了很多异步代码, 代码的可读性收到一些影响.

本人为前端新手, 对浏览器兼容性束手无策, 优化移动端界面也尚未提上日程, 应该在所有功能性代码完成之后考虑. 

如果你发现了bug, 请在Issue里提出, 十分感谢.

如果你想帮助我提升前端兼容性, 欢迎随时联系我!

别忘了给Star哟

## Interesting Samples

#### AVL
21,12,28,7,17,25,31,4,10,15,18,23,27,30,32,2,6,9,11,14,16,17.5,19,22,24,26,,29,,,,1,3,5,,8,,,,13,14.5,15.5,,17.3,,,,21.5,,,,,,,,0,,,,,,,,12.5
